README.md, before:

<div align="center">
   <img src="assets/logo/NitroWin.png" alt="NitroWin" width="200">

   <h1>NitroWin</h1>

   <p>Give Windows some of that Nitro</p>
</div>

## Features

### :lock: · Improved privacy

I removed a lot of telemetry and if you use WinUtil and O&O ShutUp together with NitroWin, you'll basically have all possible telemetry options turned off.

### :sunglasses: · Reduced bloat

Another thing that this doesn't come with is bloat. But I still included everything you need for a normal Windows installation. If you're missing something or want something removed you can always do that later.

### :rocket: · More FPS

While I can't guarantee this one, it should definitely be better than a stock Windows install. I didn't make NitroWin for more FPS, but rather for the improved privacy.

### :metal: · No need to reinstall Windows

I'd still absolutely recommend reinstalling Windows but most of the tweaks work on already existing installations. You can probably apply all tweaks which aren't in the [answer file](assets/autounattend/autounattend.xml).

### :do_not_litter: · No custom branding

This mod doesn't come with any sort of custom branding to keep Windows as clean as possible.

### :shield: · No security features disabled

Unlike other custom Windows modifications, I'm not disabling anything security related.

### :mag: · Completely open source

This project is completely open source. Please note that Windows is not open source. (Why would you even think that?)

### :window: · Create an optimized Windows installation

This is the most obvious one, I don't think I have to say anything about that one.

## How do I use this?

1. Download or clone this repository.
2. Open up an elevated PowerShell prompt inside of the downloaded repository.
3. Run the following commands inside of that prompt:

   ```powershell
   Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope Process -Force
   .\NitroWin
   ```

4. The GUI will open up and is ready for you to use.

### Create minimal ISO

If you want to build a minimal ISO, check out [my fork of WinUtil](https://github.com/Nitro4542/winutil). Create an ISO with MicroWin, just as you would with the regular WinUtil. The ISO will automatically contain the answer file and a copy of NitroWin. Note that the automatic user creation doesn't work because I had to remove the answer file from the original repo.

To run my fork of WinUtil, run the following inside an elevated PowerShell prompt:

```powershell
iex (irm "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nitro4542/winutil/main/winutil.ps1")
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [Unlicense](LICENSE).

It also uses part of the [WinUtil repo](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil) by [ChrisTitusTech](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech), which is also licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil/blob/main/LICENSE).

This repository contains files generated by the [unattend-generator](https://github.com/cschneegans/unattend-generator) by [Cristoph Schneegans](https://github.com/cschneegans), which is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/cschneegans/unattend-generator/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

For more details, see [NOTICE.md](NOTICE.md).

### Tweaks

Almost all tweaks were taken from the [AtlasOS project](https://github.com/Atlas-OS/Atlas), which is licensed under [GPL 3.0](https://github.com/Atlas-OS/Atlas/blob/main/LICENSE). I won't change this project's license to GPL because I don't think you can copyright Windows registry files. Also, I rewrote the tweaks from their YAML format to the REG or PS1 format.

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated with Microsoft or any other third-party project this repository uses.

This project does not distribute modified Windows ISOs.

Commit message:

Add ti-tweaks to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
   <img src="assets/logo/NitroWin.png" alt="NitroWin" width="200">

   <h1>NitroWin</h1>

   <p>Give Windows some of that Nitro</p>
</div>

## Features

### :lock: · Improved privacy

I removed a lot of telemetry and if you use WinUtil and O&O ShutUp together with NitroWin, you'll basically have all possible telemetry options turned off.

### :sunglasses: · Reduced bloat

Another thing that this doesn't come with is bloat. But I still included everything you need for a normal Windows installation. If you're missing something or want something removed you can always do that later.

### :rocket: · More FPS

While I can't guarantee this one, it should definitely be better than a stock Windows install. I didn't make NitroWin for more FPS, but rather for the improved privacy.

### :metal: · No need to reinstall Windows

I'd still absolutely recommend reinstalling Windows but most of the tweaks work on already existing installations. You can probably apply all tweaks which aren't in the [answer file](assets/autounattend/autounattend.xml).

### :do_not_litter: · No custom branding

This mod doesn't come with any sort of custom branding to keep Windows as clean as possible.

### :shield: · No security features disabled

Unlike other custom Windows modifications, I'm not disabling anything security related.

### :mag: · Completely open source

This project is completely open source. Please note that Windows is not open source. (Why would you even think that?)

### :window: · Create an optimized Windows installation

This is the most obvious one, I don't think I have to say anything about that one.

## How do I use this?

1. Download or clone this repository.
2. Open up an elevated PowerShell prompt inside of the downloaded repository.
3. Run the following commands inside of that prompt:

   ```powershell
   Set-ExecutionPolicy Unrestricted -Scope Process -Force
   .\NitroWin
   ```

4. The GUI will open up and is ready for you to use.

### Some tweaks fail to import

All tweaks ending with "Extended" will fail to import, because you need TrustedInstaller privileges to import them. If you want to import them (which is still recommended), run the [ti-tweaks.bat](ti-tweaks.bat) script with TrustedInstaller privileges. You can do this using [ExecTI](https://winaero.com/downloads/ExecTI.zip).

### Create minimal ISO

If you want to build a minimal ISO, check out [my fork of WinUtil](https://github.com/Nitro4542/winutil). Create an ISO with MicroWin, just as you would with the regular WinUtil. The ISO will automatically contain the answer file and a copy of NitroWin. Note that the automatic user creation doesn't work because I had to remove the answer file from the original repo.

To run my fork of WinUtil, run the following inside an elevated PowerShell prompt:

```powershell
iex (irm "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Nitro4542/winutil/main/winutil.ps1")
```

## License

This project is licensed under the [Unlicense](LICENSE).

It also uses part of the [WinUtil repo](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil) by [ChrisTitusTech](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech), which is also licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/ChrisTitusTech/winutil/blob/main/LICENSE).

This repository contains files generated by the [unattend-generator](https://github.com/cschneegans/unattend-generator) by [Cristoph Schneegans](https://github.com/cschneegans), which is licensed under the [MIT License](https://github.com/cschneegans/unattend-generator/blob/master/LICENSE.txt).

For more details, see [NOTICE.md](NOTICE.md).

### Tweaks

Almost all tweaks were taken from the [AtlasOS project](https://github.com/Atlas-OS/Atlas), which is licensed under [GPL 3.0](https://github.com/Atlas-OS/Atlas/blob/main/LICENSE). I won't change this project's license to GPL because I don't think you can copyright Windows registry files. Also, I rewrote the tweaks from their YAML format to the REG or PS1 format.

## Disclaimer

This project is not affiliated with Microsoft or any other third-party project this repository uses.

This project does not distribute modified Windows ISOs.
